1. 
You agree to grant and hereby grant Zoom a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license and all other rights required or necessary to redistribute, publish, import, access, use, store, transmit, review, disclose, preserve, extract, modify, reproduce, share, use, display, copy, distribute, translate, transcribe, create derivative works, and process Customer Content and to perform all acts with respect to the Customer Content: (i) as may be necessary for Zoom to provide the Services to you, including to support the Services; (ii) for the purpose of product and service development, marketing, analytics, quality assurance, machine learning, artificial intelligence, training, testing, improvement of the Services, Software, or Zoom’s other products, services, and software, or any combination thereof; and (iii) for any other purpose relating to any use or other act permitted in accordance with Section 10.3. If you have any Proprietary Rights in or to Service Generated Data or Aggregated Anonymous Data, you hereby grant Zoom a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license and all other rights required or necessary to enable Zoom to exercise its rights pertaining to Service Generated Data and Aggregated Anonymous Data, as the case may be, in accordance with this Agreement.
By uploading Your Content, you grant Shutterstock a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license and right to copy, transmit, distribute, publicly perform and display (through all media now known or hereafter created), and make derivative works from Your Content for the purpose of allowing you to edit and display Your Content using the Site and archiving or preserving Your Content for disputes, legal proceedings, or investigations. The above licenses will continue unless and until you remove Your Content from the Site, in which case the licenses will terminate within a commercially reasonable period of time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the license for legal archival/preservation purposes will continue indefinitely.
"Google uses conversations (as well as feedback and related data) from Bard users to improve Bard so we can make it safer, more helpful, and work better for all users. Human review is a necessary step of the model improvement process. Through their review, rating, and rewrites, humans help augment Bard’s responses and enable quality improvements.


2. 
Google uses conversations (as well as feedback and related data) from Bard users to improve Bard so we can make it safer, more helpful, and work better for all users. Human review is a necessary step of the model improvement process. Through their review, rating, and rewrites, humans help augment Bard’s responses and enable quality improvements.

We take a number of precautions to protect your privacy during this human review process: conversations (as well as feedback and related data) that reviewers see are not associated with any user accounts, we pick a random sample for such human review, and only a portion of all Bard conversations are reviewed.

For instance, our trained human reviewers look at conversations to assess their quality related to the input prompt and determine if Bard’s response is low-quality, inaccurate, or harmful. From there, trained evaluators suggest higher-quality responses in line with a defined set of policies, and these are then used as fine-tuning data to provide Bard a better dataset to learn from so it can produce improved responses in the future.

Bard conversations (as well as feedback and related data) that have been reviewed or annotated by human reviewers are not deleted when you delete your Bard activity because they are kept separately and are not connected to your Google Account. Instead, they are retained for up to 3 years.